= GET Requests

== Get Tender By Id
Obtains a specific tenders by its unique identifier.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tender-by-id/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tender-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tender-by-id/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tender-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tender-by-id/response-body.adoc[]

== Get Tenders For Issuer
Obtains a tenders for issuer by its unique identifier.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tenders-for-issuer/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tenders-for-issuer/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tenders-for-issuer/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tenders-for-issuer/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/tender/get-tenders-for-issuer/response-body.adoc[]


== Get Offer By Id
Obtains a specific offers by its unique identifier.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-offer-by-id/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-offer-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-offer-by-id/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-offer-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-offer-by-id/response-body.adoc[]

== Get Tender Offers By Id
Obtains a specific tender offers by its unique identifier.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-by-id/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-by-id/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-by-id/response-body.adoc[]

== Get Tender Offers Submitted By Bidder
Obtains a tender offers submitted by bidder.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/response-body.adoc[]

== Get Specific Tender Offers Submitted By Bidder
Obtains a specific tender offers submitted by bidder.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-specific-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-specific-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-specific-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-specific-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-specific-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/get-specific-tender-offers-submitted-by-bidder/response-body.adoc[]

= POST requests

== Create Tender
Create tender.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/tender/create-tender/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/tender/create-tender/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/tender/create-tender/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/tender/create-tender/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Request Body
include::{snippets}/tender/create-tender/request-body.adoc[]

==== Response Body
include::{snippets}/tender/create-tender/response-body.adoc[]

== Create Offer
Create offer.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/create-offer/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/create-offer/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/create-offer/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/create-offer/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Request Body
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/create-offer/request-body.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/create-offer/response-body.adoc[]

== Create Issuer
Create issuer.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/issuer/create-issuer/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/issuer/create-issuer/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/issuer/create-issuer/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/issuer/create-issuer/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Request Body
include::{snippets}/issuer/create-issuer/request-body.adoc[]

==== Response Body
include::{snippets}/issuer/create-issuer/response-body.adoc[]

== Create Bidder
Create bidder.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/bidder/create-bidder/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/bidder/create-bidder/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/bidder/create-bidder/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/bidder/create-bidder/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Request Body
include::{snippets}/bidder/create-bidder/request-body.adoc[]

==== Response Body
include::{snippets}/bidder/create-bidder/response-body.adoc[]

= PUT requests

== Submit Offer
Submit offer.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/submit-offer/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/submit-offer/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL sample
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/submit-offer/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/submit-offer/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Request Body
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/submit-offer/request-body.adoc[]

==== Response Body
include::{snippets}/tender/offer/submit-offer/response-body.adoc[]
